what is up guys Jack 54 HD here and
welcome to another pack opening video on
fifa 12 now I'm this is going to be the
packs that i got from by an ultimate
team edition of fifa 12 you get full
three packs every month depending on
what version you bought and yeah this
doesn't you don't get these for just
buying the normal fee for version of
fifa 12 it was just simply for the other
versions but mostly in this first back
guys these are you know normal gold
packs not even premium Jumbo's so you
get one rare and the rest are just you
know consumables or players so I'm sure
they're my only rare was an all
attributes plus free so I don't know if
anyone else has had really good players
in these packs yet but I really haven't
brought my first load wasn't very good
so I cannot remember what I got these
packs been to the second pack guys and
see there we get Ramsey a couple of Liga
BBVA players and a league 1 player 2 or
plus injuries healing should sell for
around eight hundred coins or so made
pretty a bit less actually now seeing as
the markets a a bit more flooded with
you know cards and stuff like that but
I'm into the third pack guys and you
know we get a right-back Spanish player
76 read messages discard him and you
know he's not really going to be worth
too much on the market because i should
say i went back on to one of my old
rotor glories yesterday and i saw that i
had a hundred and eighty-two likes to 1
dislike and now that is you know i know
i didn't even know it was like that
until you know a couple of days ago been
an amazing support guys I can't think
guys enough for able to continue
continuing us you guys just watching my
videos and liking them and also God's
out blooded a hybrid squad episode
yesterday it was a 50k one and if you
guys could go check that out because you
know I don't think many people did
because you know the you know flooding
of modern warfare 3 videos all the time
so on if you go go check that out guys
the annotation will be on the screen at
this moment in time and yeah guys thanks
watchin please hit the like button if
you did enjoy this video and have a nice
day